---
layout: "post"
title: "Drifting"
date: "2016-02-14 22:04:44 +0530"
section-type: post
title: "Drifting"
category: rants
tags: [ 'rants','random' ]
---

Why can we not stand still for a while?It is not something as complicated as
 people not going through it consider it to be. I spent a major part of my life
 working  and doing things because that was the direction.Not because I took them up because I was good at them.It was more because of the fact that I ended up being "plopped" there. Does that make sense?Being "plopped"?Its the feeling when you suddenly get that epiphany after a few years of doing something.Its like waking up from an elongated dream with the usual amnesic questions:
 "Where am I?","What am I doing" ,and then you ask yourself the dreaded one. . "What am I doing with my life?".Oh boy do I hate that question.And its so easy to prognosticate the process of decision making.You might sit down to decide for the next 5 years.But the decision you ended up making involves a chalked plan only for the next year and that's a good enough excuse to stop the process.


> _You need to stop the cue-tip when there is resistance_

 But what happens when that year ends?Or when that year is nearing the end.Maybe the problem is not with lackadaisical attitude towards the decision making process but maybe its the process in it self?No one wants to chalk their life for the remaining years the live. IF we could live so predictably it defeats the purpose and process of adaptation.
 To several this may just sound like the old adage where you diss whatever you don't have.Maybe it is.

 Lets approach this issue programmatically.

{% highlight java %}

 public Life calculateNextYearDecisions(String goalForNextYear,String goalForNow,Object currentSituation);

 {% endhighlight %}


5 variables maybe?Normally functions with more that 3 variables make me queasy and are just waiting to be refactored

 Lets try this for the "future"

{% highlight java %}

public Life calculateFuturePlans(String currentGoal,String goal2017,String goal2018,Object parents,Object family,Object finances,Object theHouseIWant  );

{% endhighlight %}

You should get the point by now.So I would like to make these non-sensical yearly based decisions.The ones which I have control over and will not cause a _memory shock_ 5 years down the lane where I cannot fingure how I ended up here.I just wish I could just be.
